[UR] CTS tests for command-buffer native append (#17494)
intel/llvm: unified-runtime/source/adapters/opencl/CMakeLists.txt

    set(OpenCLICDLoaderLibrary OpenCL::OpenCL)
endif()

# Make to interface library use within the project.
add_library(OpenCLICDLoader INTERFACE)
target_link_libraries(OpenCLICDLoader INTERFACE "${OpenCLICDLoaderLibrary}")

> set(OCL_INCLUDE_DIR ${OpenCLIncludeDirectory} CACHE INTERNAL "")

Author: My CMake is a bit rusty so I'm not convinced this is the best way to share the ICD and headers path between the OpenCL adapter CMake and the CTS test CMake. Alternative suggestions welcome.

Reviewer: you'd be better off with 

```suggestion
# Make to interface library use within the project.
add_library(OpenCLICDLoader INTERFACE)
target_link_libraries(OpenCLICDLoader INTERFACE "${OpenCLICDLoaderLibrary}")
target_include_directories(OpenCLICDLoader INTERFACE ${OpenCLIncludeDirectory})
```

Author: Thanks 👍  I've updated to your suggestions
